During this project, I held the leader role 🐻. I think I did well while performing this role. I made the first contact, and also organised the weekly meetings. I did initial handing out of roles and the initial maintaining of the issue board. I contributed to the initial prototype as well as typed up the initial pre-test, post-test surveys and the during test questions which had further emendations and additions by Aleisha Amohia 🐰. I compiled the background section of the report by going through the teams' assignments and typed the group reflection based on communications with team members.

Initially, there was more prompting from my end to get the conversation going and directing the members to the endgame. Therefore at the starting of the project, the role system was vital in making the first contact. However, as the team progressed, we started to become more comfortable and confident, voicing our concerns with each other, and consequently, I believe the roles ended up intermingling. I, had the most interchanging roles with 🐺, 🐱 and 🐰, as I would prompt communications, shut down potentially harmful ideas, and push for tasks being completed on time. Overall, I think the role system was useful in order to start the project but to ensure the smooth running of the relationships in the team and the project as a whole, traits of each animal needed to be adopted by each team member.

While in the development of the prototype, I was active in meetings discussing what would be kept and discarded from our previous prototypes. While we did each do an evaluation, which is shown in our report, this further discussion in person I believe helped us get a prototype of a high standard. I also contributed to building some of the pre-testing prototype pages, but with the final prototype iterations, only helped by internally testing it. In the big usability testing, I was unable to make it in person, but as stated earlier, I compiled the initial documents for the testing. I also did a lot of the documentation with the issue boards and wrote a lot of the report after discussions with the team, specifically Aleisha Amohia for her opinions on the pros and cons of our final prototype.

The link for the specific issues assigned to me can be found [here](https://gitlab.ecs.vuw.ac.nz/swen303-2019-p3/t8/final-project/boards?scope=all&utf8=%E2%9C%93&state=opened&assignee_username=sajwanlava).

## REFLECTION

While I dipped my toes in every aspect of the project, the contribution I am most proud of is probably too subjective for this, but it was my leadership. Communication was key to this and with my constant prompting, we managed to hit set deadlines and make much progress earlier on in the lifecycle of this project. In terms of something that is probably easier to see definite proof of, I quite liked my work on the actual written report and the pre and during testing documents. I felt that they had accurate and detailed content that applied to the situation.

After the user testing process, it was apparent that while a program can have many functionalities, users will not like to use it unless it looks seamless and behaves intuitively. However, this is dependent on each users tastes, and therefore, testing is essential to develop an end product with the desired traits of the majority of the stakeholders. This is something which is of interest to me as I am taking ENGR301 hopefully soon to be ENGR302, which is a full year group project for an external client. While we have made a lot of progress in the backend development of our product for that course, nothing is of extreme interest or value to the client as the front end is not yet fully functioning, and after a recent meeting he heavily hinted that the rest of the applications he uses are "pretty". Having neglected this, going forward, much emphasis will go into the aesthetics of the program, and the knowledge from the learnings during this project will help me. Specifically, the colour palette choices as well as the whole user testing progress.

Our team, as a whole, was a strong one. I think we all contributed equally and we did not have any significant conflicts. There was a point where just before testing we had to reschedule it for a later date due to some incompletions and confusions about the prototype. This was solved quickly by me booking a meeting room and scheduling a meeting with those confused, and those who understood the prototype in my absence (I was at work). The meeting worked effectively as participants got an overview of the prototype and also worked together on how to improve it. This issue stemmed more from a place of panic rather than conflict. We set up a group chat first meeting, which was in constant use throughout this project, and each member of the team was actively communicating with each other on the task at hand. Overall, it was a great experience and I was lucky to get such a hardworking team.

## MARKING RUBRIC

- Design Review \[10\]
- Testing \[25\]
- Design Update \[10\]
- Documentation & video \[25\]
- Individual Reflections \[30\]
